Ethel Bruce sat on a low rockerin the recess of the bay windows , apparently in deep thought . \ u201cA very pretty picture she made , so her Brother Hal thought as she passed along the street in company with Clay Whittle . Ivies were creeping above and around her head reaching after the sunlight , while lilies , geraniums , and hy - acinths were blooming at her feet . The gentlemen passed on , as also did the hands of the clock , but still Ethel sat in evident study . The room was far - is with cultured taste , and skillful hands kept it looking very inviting to the family and their friends . It was library and sitting room combined . \ u2014 Ethel ' s s had always striven to have their home at , even if other expenses had to be curtailed very closely . The mother was an invalid and had been for several weeks , and the willing hands and thoughtful heart of the mother were sadly missed by the daughter . The rest of the family said \ u2018that Ethel took moth - er \ u2019s place to them all so well , that for the time they were not great losers , \ u201d * and the mother confined to her room for lack of strength to be elsewhere , rather then from actual pain said that she was having a rest in mind and body , for Ethel did not neglect anything \ u201d and she kept the little mother fresh and fair , and the room so bright and cheery , that all the time would gather around her in social glee . Ethel would first notice mother ' s tired look if they stayed to long , and pleasantly chiding them would drive them off to the sitting room . Clay Whittle used often to come in with Hal to the mother \ u2019s room , and these little visits were seasons of de - light to him , His mother had passed the a over into the other side . How he missed her room and her counsel , and the time spent over at the ( , were changed minutes and great helps to him . His father was a leading politician , James sister a fashionable woman , while he him - self was a law students . The evening before Clay and Ethel had attended an entertainment together and on | passing out from it , she stopped a moment to speak to a friend and Clay was joined by his sister . Clay
